ACD-416 (#6)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: RetailSuiteAccounting/UserInterface/01f_BookReceipts.md

# Post receipts

*Accounting > Post > Tab POST RECEIPTS*

![New receipt](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/BookReceipts/BookReceipts.png "[New receipt]")

The *POST RECEIPTS* tab allows to assign manually external receipts uploaded in the system that have not been registered yet in the *Accounting* module. For detailed information about posting external receipts, see [Post a receipt](../Operation/10_ManageReceipts.md#post-a-receipt).

> > [Info] The external receipts uploaded in the *New documents* folder in the *Documents* module are displayed in the *POST RECEIPTS* tab. If there are no receipts to be posted, the notice *No documents left to be registered* is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All external receipts uploaded in the *New documents* folder in the *Documents* module are displayed in the *POST RECEIPTS* tab. If there are no receipts to be posted, the notice *No documents left to be registered* is displayed.
```

> - *Fiscal year XXXX/Month X/Journal X*  
> This text displays the fiscal year, month and journal currently selected. This information is read-only.
> 
>   > [Info] If the fiscal year or the posting period needs to be changed, click the [FY/MONTH/JOURNAL] button to display the select fiscal year window. For detailed information, see [Fiscal year](./00a_FiscalYear.md) and [Select a fiscal year](../Operation/01_SelectFiscalYear.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - */New Documents/Document name.pdf Page [x]*  
> This path displays the file location, name and page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**/New Documents/"Document file name" Page x**
```

- ![Previous](../../Assets/Icons/Previous.png "[Previous]") *Document* ![Next](../../Assets/Icons/Next.png "[Next]")   
Click the previous/next arrow buttons to scroll through the documents.

- ![First page](../../Assets/Icons/FirstPage02.png "[Previous]") ![First page](../../Assets/Icons/Previous.png "[Previous]") *Page [x]* ![Next](../../Assets/Icons/Next.png "[Next]")  
The current page number is displayed. Click the first page/previous/next arrow buttons to scroll through the pages.

- (-) *Zoom* (+)  
Click the +/- buttons to zoom in and out of the document view.

> - *Download file*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Download file]  
```

Click this button to download the document.

- *Amount (Amount 1 - Amount 2)*  
The information provided in these fields refers to the postings list and is not related to this view. For detailed information, see [POSTINGS](./01a_Bookings.md).

> A miniature view of the currently displayed document is shown to the right of workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A miniature view of the selected document is displayed in the bottom right corner of the workspace.
```

- *Account*  
This field displays the selected account. This field is read-only.

- *Balance (amount)H/S (currency)*  
This field displays the current balance of the corresponding account. H stands for credit. S stands for debit. This field is read-only.

- [POST]    
Click this button to post the transaction entered in the input line.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel a selected posting in the *Postings* tab. This button is not relevant for this tab. For detailed information, see [Cancel a posting](../Operation/05_CancelBooking.md).

- [DELETE]    
Click this button to delete a selected posting in the *Postings* tab. This button is not relevant for this tab. For detailed information, see [Delete a single posting](../Operation/06_DeleteBookings.md#delete-a-single-posting).

- [CLEAR]    
Click this button to clear all input line fields.

- [SPLIT]    
Click this button to split a manual posting. The *Split posting* window is displayed, see [Split posting](./01a_Bookings.md#split-posting). For detailed information about splitting a posting, see [Split a posting](../Operation/09_SplitBooking.md).

- [ASSIGN RECEIPT]  

> Click this button to assign a receipt to a selected posting in the *POSTINGS* tab. This button is not relevant for this tab. For detailed information, see [Retrieve a receipt](../Operation/10_ManageReceipts.md#retrieve-a-receipt).

Reviewer: Unterschied zu Input line in anderen Tabs? Ansonsten wie in anderen Tabs nur der Verweis...

- ![First page](../../Assets/Icons/FirstPage02.png "[Previous]") ![First page](../../Assets/Icons/Previous.png "[Previous]") *Page [x]* ![Next](../../Assets/Icons/Next.png "[Next]")  
The current page number is displayed. Click the first page/previous/next arrow buttons to scroll through the pages.

- (-) *Zoom* (+)  
Click the +/- buttons to zoom in and out of the document view.

- *Download file*  
Click this button to download the document.

- *Amount (Amount 1 - Amount 2)*  
The information provided in these fields refers to the bookings list and is not related to this view. For detailed information, see [BOOKINGS](./01a_Bookings.md).

A miniature view of the currently displayed document is shown to the right of workspace.

The entry line allows to create a booking manually to assign the receipt. For detailed information, see [Book a receipt](../Operation/10_ManageReceipts.md#book-a-receipt).

[comment]: <> (Rephrase? Book/assign)

- *Seq. no.*  
 Enter the booking number. Booking numbers must be sequential. The system adds the next available number automatically if the field is left empty.

- *Currency code*  

> Click the drop-down list to select the appropriate currency.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the drop-down list to select the appropriate currency.  All available currencies are displayed in the list. By default, the base currency is preselected.
```
